---
title: "Learning Report for Module 10"
date: 2020-10-25T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---
### Week 10
-  I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.
This week we looked at and did more effective peer feedback and how this may help to improve quality of content that you
maybe putting onto your website. We also looked at the differnces between open and closed Content Management Systems.
- I can describe and compare content management systems.
This week we looked at the differences between WordPress and Hugo and their user interface for showing attributes
and the differnt kind of data types they use. These attributes for posts included tags, titles, images, categories, etc..
- I can manage content using established workflows.
We did this in week 9 by using our group Workflow to complete the group projects. We had someone make
a first draft which then turned into someone developing it an adding it to WordPress as a draft. Someone
then went in and revised it, and lastly, it got finalized. 
- I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.
I can do this by creating posts in WordPress. I was not the developer for our group assignment this
week but I was last week. Me and another memeber of my group switch off blog posts each week. 
- I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
I have done this in the past by using my resources to learn new markdown elements and to post things onto
WordPress before I had known how to really use it. 
