---
title: "Learning Report for Module 13"
date: 2020-08-12T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

### Week 13
-  I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.
This week we looked at different types of e-commerce and how companies may use this to their advantage and to gain profit from users.
Some types of ways they do this includes: Advertising, Sponsorships, External Links, and other promotions to promote their brands
and their name. 
- I can describe and compare content management systems.
This week we looked at the ways WordPress may integrate plug-ins to allow content managers to implement these ads and other forms of 
sponsorships into their websites. I would assume that Hugo would also allow for ways to do this on their website.
- I can manage content using established workflows.
We did this in week 13 by using our group Workflow to complete the group projects. We had someone make
a first draft which then turned into someone developing it an adding it to WordPress as a draft. Someone
then went in and revised it, and lastly, it got finalized. 
- I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.
I can do this by creating posts in WordPress. I was the developer for our group assignment this
week. Me and another memeber of my group switch off blog posts each week. 
- I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
I have done this in the past by using my resources to learn new markdown elements and to post things onto
WordPress before I had known how to really use it.  

