---
title: "Learning Report for Module 15"
date: 2020-11-29T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

### Week 15
-  I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.
This week we looked at different types of distribution channels for content and content creators. We learned how these channels may affect
the presentation of content and how they may differ from channel to channel. For example, content on YouTube, may look different than
content on Spotify or Tik-Tok. 
- I can describe and compare content management systems.
This week, we looked at how WordPress may integrate plug-ins to better distribute it's content to different channels. There are
plug-ins to allow the cerator to more easily share it's content to different places in a matter of seconds. 
- I can manage content using established workflows.
We did this in week 15 by using our group Workflow to complete the group projects. We had someone make
a first draft which then turned into someone developing it an adding it to WordPress as a draft. Someone
then went in and revised it, and lastly, it got finalized. We have also been using workflows in the same 
way to work on our final group projects. 
- I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.
I can do this by creating posts in WordPress. I was the developer for our group blog post assignment this
week. Me and another memeber of my group switch off blog posts each week. 
- I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
I have done this in the past by using my resources to learn new markdown elements and to post things onto
WordPress before I had known how to really use it.  
